# chaos-machines

### 2024-03-05 09:58 - bad memory (forgitfulness) is good

imagine a machine which has a n-dimensional layers of binary bits; in this example we're only going to use 2d grid stacks representing automic time increments (t = one layer). we're then going to correlate external events (doesent matter what they are) to those layers of t. from there, the machine begins to correlate actions with those horizontal time slices like this: say it's a 8x8 grid with 1024 layers, and so each time an action is made (like a keystroke, mouse or touch), then 64 temporal associations are made with that event/action. as time continues to progress (a new t-layer is added), it checks all associations it has to see if any match an event or action, then follows some protocol about what to do about it. for example, let's say that it matches a keypress: well, then depending on that association's proximity to my context (some kind of temporal description/overview), then I fire it, or I choose at random to fire it.
the result is going to be a lot of "random" keypresses (but depending on my context, many will get filtered out). however, that would be great for making a poet-ape, I'd like to consider this style of applying chaos to machines instead. the basic outline for a machine is some kind of chaotic input, like an ungrounded antenna or something related to water -- and that machine takes that input (also potentially extracting power from the signal) and then performs actions based on its input. it's pure chaos!!! bwahahahaahahaa
	oh, the reason why bad memory is good is because all associations get diminished with time because they lose thier context and loose thier relevance. I won't have the same random associations as someone else cause 2^1024 collisions are hard, and it's unlikely we'll ever be in the same context. if I didn't forget old associations, I would be getting exponentially more events and actions as time goes on (cause every action (like a keypress) produces as many associations as ther grid (256); so every positive id creates 255 more associations). in order to not get innundated, forgetfulness is good.
