# dear-jon

### 2024-02-23 01:49 - I have a lot to say

yesterday, Ifelt the desire to write to you. originally, I was going to upload a bunch of puzzle solutions that I found in the-witness which I believe are valid solutions. however, I felt bad about that approach because I don't want to start off the relationship by telling you you're wrong or that something you did should be better. that would be a reflection of you, and often times me being a reflection of someone is more harmful than helpful. so, I wanted to do things different.
earlier yesterday, I was thinking about instead of trying to get your attention, instead of with a "no" -- but with a joke [weird, I feel slightly like a parent trying to manipulate a child to respond to me when I write that]. I came up with the joke that I would send to you: I was going to write you a full promo piece called "safety driven development" and then just make up a bunch of jokes about how we need even more levels of abstraction, to ensure that *nobody* can understand the code (and therefore have a chance to break it). the idea was: if the compiler can compile it, then it'll work, but good luck getting it to even compile. I was going to demonstrate with a "safe" hello world example, but it ended up going *waaay* different than I thought.
	you see, [the thing I wrote yesterday](/safety-driven-development.md) was actually a combination of a few different ideas: I personally really struggle with C++, cause I just don't quite see at a glance what the code is doing, whereas with other code (like VB6 or js), I can often see what's happening a lot quicker -- but that's still too slow. what I'd like is a kids language that runs as fast as C++. I know it's possible, but nobody ever seems interested in making their abstractions *easier* to use. for example, I know that it's possible to build up a whole 3d model using only blocks -- then the not-visible blocks can be simplified or optimised out. I want something like that, but presently there's no way to work only on the outer layer of the code and not worry about what's on the inside. over time, as I reveal more of my many ideas, the outside/inside allusion will be more apparent. I think visually, and for me, there are all kinds of blocks in the code that input/output things -- so all I do is just connect the things to each other, then to the program's human/hardware interface (that's it). then, I want the stuff not connected to the interface (ie, all of the stuff on the inside) to be moved around to optimal positions (you don't have your lungs behind your ears, cause it's a long way to the heart from there) and the unecessary stuff discarded. inotherwords, my brain thinks like a microprocessor, and (as ironic as it sounds), there's no way (that I know of) to replicate a microprocessor design (using 2/3 dimensions) in a symbolic system (which is linear/sequential).
	I've noticed that most commonly the "unsafe" things in sequential code, usually seem to be the stuff that tries to break the 1d barrier, so I decided that I wanted to try tackling that problem. funnily enough, I had left open the V programming language on my browser, and that language explicitly marks everything which can produce undefined behaviour with a `unsafe { ... }` notation to alert the programmer that could be the source of undefined behaviour. so when I looked at the [2048 example](https://github.com/vlang/v/blob/master/examples/2048/2048.v), I didn't find any 1d breakers, but instead unsafe was for uninitialised memory (which is defined behaviour IMO: the compiler only needs to ensure write before read), and an enum being coerced to int. it seemed really silly to me that they're writing `unsafe` around things that I consider very normal stuff: it'd have to be a very large enum to overflow a u4, so why not just make coersion to i4 the default and make unsafe the coersion to u4 (or whatever)? it just seemed to me there should be an easier way to do it like an `enum2Int` which automatically returns a i/u 1/2/4/8 taking into account both the enum and also the recipient variable -- and now it's fully safe (easy peasy).
so what I think I'd like to do tonight is, instead of writing about the-witness just yet, I think I'm gonna go eat some more weed again, and try to write another joke. bye for now...

#### 2024-02-23 03:13 - temporally aware compiler

in the example of uninitialised memory being an unsafe operation, the obvious solution to this is to have the compiler ensure that the memory is written to before being read. however, such a feat is quite difficult with compilers today because it's difficult to know what will get called in what order. to study this example, let's assume that there are only a few entrypoints to the program (3-4 functions/buttons which can be called/pushed). once we have the full knowlege of all the starting positions, every possible branch is comes "later" in time.
	so, for example, if my button is going to read from the memory, and it's showing before the init code is run (which does the unsafe operation of allocating), then that's a problem. it should automatically produce an error saying that memory can be read/written before it's initialised. the obvious solution is to ensure the button is not even shown until after initialisation.
the difficulty with this approach is that the interface completely determines how the compiler will "see" the program -- and the problem with that is that interface-first development is not common. something that is available to the user will always have defined behaviour, because the moment it becomes available, it becomes a part of the interface (and so is therefore an entrypoint).

### 2024-03-06 11:22 - withholding of technology

hey, so I've been thinking about you a lot lately, and it's quite possible I'll put this repo up on github soon. before I do that though, I wanted to get this thought out. when I watched your stream a few years back (in fact it's been 5 years since I've seen you until I opened your youtube just now to see how long it's been), I remember you used to complain a lot about how innovation in technology has come to a stand-still. I say the same thing as you do, and see the effect in more places than just technology, like space travel, and interfaces to computers. I am certain that there's a lot that's being withheld from a lot of people. I see evidences of it all the time, from people interfacing with something visual inside of their eyes (using only their thoughts to direct it -- they look like they're daydreaming or spacing out: looking toward the distance, but at something right in front of thier eyes), to other things like mike pall for example repeatedly gives directions to be cautious of using the FFI feature of LuaJIT when calling windows functions -- but since I've never seen such code, it must only exist inside of his computer. though some things are open source, there seems to be a whole lot of power users which seem to have a much more efficient way of using their computer than is available to the public. you're a weirdo though, because you insist on using the most un-power tool of them all emacs, and still switches over to the terminal to compile (which is why I'm writing to you about it instead of mike -- for him I only have good ideas on how to improve LuaJIT).
I only referenced two examples there, but the amount of evidence that there are users which have much more rapid interfaces to their computer is astounding, and along with those people seems to come this secret world where the public is told all kinds of things that are simply not true. inotherwords, there seems to be levels to who has access to what interfaces and what kinds of conditions, and those levels seem to be the source of the witholding of technology.
	I did my own research into these levels of symbolic systems which better connect the brain to the computer, and it seems that the entire thing is governed by what I call the "saturnian-system". let me paint that picture: the two main perpetrators are the tops and the bottoms. both of them want to have a superior setup to the others, and so therefore do their best to try and keep everyone else with the older/outdated technology. a really good example of this is "google glass" -- a technology that projects an image on to a screen in front of the eye. it was super-cool state-of-the-art technology that everyone wanted, when all of a sudden in ~2016, google just sells their super cool tech off to china (america's enemy at the time). around the same time I noticed that others are now able to see what I see, and there's this thing called "camera retina" (I think) -- and these spanish dudes were talking about how this technology could record what is seen in the eyes and they'd talk about jerking off to some really awesome sex thing. I called this technology "nosebook" because when I looked into it, I noticed that it was really weird to see someone else's nose. I also noticed a stream you did ~2017 where you were complaining about bad interfaces and how they're all over the place -- the video cuts out and you resume talking about something else -- of which I can only imagine the cut out part, you're talking about the interface that you're now unable to get away from because it's inside of your eyes (ie, nosebook). a long time ago, I figured that this technology has to be coming from the US military because of the selling of outdated arms/technology to weaker factions (ie, google selling glass to china because they now have a superior system) -- but since then I've come to realise that the US govt is owned by private entities nowadays, and that google is essentially the technological aspect of the govt -- so it's not that. looking into it further, I noticed that the clearance levels go all the way to antarctica and the magnificent number of "tops" that come out of the system that hitler put into place at the end of WW2 (I call this system the "saturnian-system").
those levels of symbolic access to the brain/body and its interface to the computer seems to be the source of the witholding of technology... what's happening is the typical thing that happens in the saturnian-system: one guy does not want the other guy to have the technology, so he uses his top-powers to rearrange things so that the other guy is held away from the innovative technology. the thing is, the way that system works is that any modifications that are done there don't really have a lasting effect because the "destiny" at the end of time (ie, when the saturnian-system collapses) is already set. the end of the system *will* happen, and everything will fall apart (no spoilers, oops), and so they're just adjusting their temporal trajectory in relation to their perceived *now* -- which looks like a curve/spline where one end-point is anchored, and these guys are fighting endlessly over adding/moving/changing the many other control points preceding the end-point -- so what's happening is they're just kicking the can down the road, trying to keep as much perceived superiority before the coming end (or singularity) when it all falls apart and that kind of technology becomes available to everyone.
I personally am of the opinion that I want everyone to have continually improving access to thier mind and body (just like I have), and so for me a symbolic interface like they have, (turns out) is *NOT* what I want. I've come to really value chaos and imprecision. I'm not one of those speed-demon, neo types (my head runs very slowly, and so I'm meditating longer on each thought), which is why I suggested [a non-symbolic interface to the computer](/chaos-machines.md#2024-03-05-0958---bad-memory-forgitfulness-is-good) yesterday. my view is that technology (like myself) is designed to give us more and more of what we want, and so this interim period technology (of which I'm certain the saturnian-system is built upon) will continue to give them what they want (which is for the symbolic technology to be withheld from us), a new set of systems which are not exact and precise (think AI vs symbolic code) will start to emerge. I envision everything from compilers to interfaces, continually getting better at giving better results. I have many ideas on that which I'll begin to elaborate on here, because techology can easily pivot away from symbolic perfection and get into the grey area of "only improvements".
I'll continue these ideas more later; I just wanted to take the time and do a "full disclosure" of my intentions (though that's not possible) and to point out that the problem of stagnation of technology is only really happening in the symbolic/defined areas, and it's because of a self-imposed reflection of those that are doling out technology: they want to be held down by someone wants to be more higher/powerful/top/superior to someone else (be a have-not), and have to make deals to get the desired technology from those with it (the haves). they are the-problem and also the-solution: I say let them have thier symbolic turf, and just go a different way; let them duke it out endlessly until the end of time :) peace

### 2024-03-06 04:22 - allow me to go off the deep-end a bit

this entry isn't supposed to be taken seriously (hence the title), so viewer disgression is advised. one of the funny things that I've noticed throughout history are these self-fulfilling prophecies. one such a thing is the roman empire. another such a thing is the tudor dymasty, and a third example (of which there are many) is the mayans. the mayans predicted a calculated "end of time" based on some sort of calculations that we don't really know or understand; though what is obvious is that they weren't using paper and pencil to make these calculations, they were obviously doing them in highened states of awareness (activated by drugs, sex, etc) -- inotherwords, some capacity that they had -- and remember they had these incredible pyramids, one of which was teotuhuacan (named after a notable 2nd ray who attempted to "defy the gods" -- aka the saturnian-system, of which far fewer people had access to back then) and using these energy systems, they managed to get an *extremely* zoomed out picture of this system we call "time". they could perceive an end to the ordering of things, and with all of the effects the the celesial bodies taken into account, they predicted the end would be ~2012. similarly, terence mckenna arrived to a similar solution using chinese hexagrams. I've given a lot of thought into this and would like to share my perspective on it.
	prior to the 2012 date, they could see that there is a natural order to things, carried out like clockwork because of the orbits of the planets. this is a stable system where the ebbs and flows of time happen in a predictable and scaleable way (repeating octaves like musical notes -- so each cycle is essentially an octive higher than the previous). however, this is the same plotline to the illiad which produced the roman empire -- where someone decides to defy the order gods/planets have in place. neither terence's or the mayan's system works out perfectly because of these guys that choose to defy the gods/planets/astrology, and what happens is they start to add up, until things are beginning to happen which aren't ordained by the gods. inotherwords, the saturnian-system which has done so well to produce the hebrews, mayas, romans, tudors, etc. -- is also on its last leg, and we've moved out of a structured system (logic, equations, good/evil, etc) and are now moving into a system which isn't symbolic anymore (gradiants/blurring, concepts/emotion, desire/resonances, attraction, etc).
in the previous entry I wrote about how every time that someone does a symbolic change in the saturnian-system, they are only moving theirselves around in time -- and because their perspective is most dominant and most benficial to all, then we all believe their version of reality/time (ie, the most 2nd-ray perspective) -- and that stays for a while until another does the same. each of these timeline edits create the ebbs and flows in novelty/change as power shifts from one faction to another (or deals get made for mutually beneficial outcomes). the era of mutual-back-scratching is important for a developing species, because it shifts the perspective from conflict and division to increased communication and consideration for others; so, the saturnian-system is a good thing, and I don't intend to get rid of it (learning consideration for others is good to have before taking on the wholly selfish approach to life). therefore nowaways, the ebbs and flows are determined less by the influence of the gods/planets, and is now determined by us. we've already reached the "end of time" from a symbolic standpoint -- because now attraction and perception trump the symbolic definition agreed upon by the powerfull tops.
	the way that this works is let's say that I have a bunch of beliefs about something (all beliefs are symbolic), which means that I am stuck in the point of time where all of the beliefs I *know* to be true (which is, they have emotional weight to them), so when someone goes and changes something, I cannot be moved away from the things that I have an emotional reaction to (not sure how it is for others, which is why I'd love to have a number of conversations with you about your experience with the saturnian-system -- I'm just gonna shortern that to SS from now on). those reactions are a manifestation of a person's perception, which is their emotional/conceptual *knowing* of how life is -- and usually that *knowing* is all hearsay or rumours; so the way these saturnian guys do is they try to move the symbols around to change the collective belief about something. for example, hollywood does this all the time adding black guys into places there were none. while it is a good thing to make every race look equal, the reality is that none of the guys manipulating these symbols *actually* want equality; they're just trying to cover up for some other inequality that they're being accused of -- and so with the change of the symbol, they're effectivily making the *appearance* that things are equal, when they're not. they've added another control point on the spline (in their perception of time/reality), and trying to maintain the appearance of equality -- while at the same time attracting even stronger the backswing, where such an equality actually exists, and they are no longer top/above others, but finally *equal*, just like their appearance is showing.
	the same effect works for more positive things too -- like say I make the appearance of a corporation being really profitatble, when in fact it is not. the desire is for the corporation to be profitable -- and the corporation itself or some variation of it will become profitable because that's what they really put conceptually/emotionally "into the vortex", but it probably won't happen for quite a while: ie, when the symbolic appearance finally breaks down. inotherwords, it's a system that works off of emotion and not only symbol. taking the example further, let's say the top guy is manipulating the thing with a sense of greed -- well that "greed" is just consolidated abundance, and so while the symbols may look like a big payout for him, at the same time, he's also (with his greed) aligning the corporation to have more "consolidated abundance" -- which will happen when the symbolic shroud falls apart (which definitely happens at the end of time, but could happen before then).
as a recap: prior to 2012, the symbolic system of time (x has to come before y) had predestined ebbs and flows, and so the only way to "get ahead" was to constantly switch one's alignment to align with the gods/planets in power; now however (or at least since ~2012) the system of time no longer runs on a system of clockwork (determined by forces outside of oneself) but instead it's now governed by emotion and perception -- of which I'm the living example of.
	it is possible for me to say that I'm just yet another one of these self-fulfilling prophecies, as I'll leave just as quickly as I came (geologically speaking) -- and I've always maintained that I'm just "the pre-game show", and not the main event (that's for everyone who survives me). you could say that I'm the "john the baptist" preparing the way for the coming 2nd-ray cause I will not take up such a position. I know my ideas are not ready and can never exist so long as the SS remains in power; so it's time to destroy the thing I created (if you can believe that), and install a new system (of which I have many ideas).
I don't fully know what I want to have in the new system, and the thing that's obvious to me is that quite a few really like the SS. my plan is not to destroy it in its entirety, but to instead rebuild it with improvements. I'll talk more about those soon, but because of my predicament (not being on earth where LOA works, but being stuck in this symbolic system) I've essentially started to rebuild a system of LOA using only symbols. I'll reconjure the concepts and go through them soon.
	to put it plainly, I realise that if I am the "two witnesses" (one now, and one while asleep) -- then your game (and you?) is the symbolic other witness (opposite to now/I) to me and my desire -- and you even made a game about it complete with a floating island and very distinct parts to the island (like my pen-rose will be) -- and the weird thing is, out of the mountain in the middle of the island (present day earth), is a woman stretching her hand out to a little girl on top of a broken cage. you obviously know what the SS is :)
		so, the way the witness thing works is simply something cannot exist in "reality" until someone is a witness to it; and since so many people are "I believe it cause I saw it" -- even though hollywood repeated demonstrates to us, that what you see is usually *not real* -- so the witnesses are the seers guiding the seers: they're not blind, because they see it and believe it to be real; and so it is.

#### 2024-03-06 20:58 - retrospective

I went out and smoked the final (minus one hit) of the rest of the weed I had to get some retrospective on this, and I'd like to commit a phoenix on this, and evaluate myself and my actions symbolically. I do not recommend doing this, as it can cause unexpected outcomes for both the reader and the believer...
I don't really want to cause too much of a panic of anything at all; I wrote about the "two witnesses" because it's a bit of an important subbject for me.--> when I was like maybe 9yo or something, I was reading my bible every night before I go to bed at least 10m or so -- but I usually got in like 30m+. my favourite books were matthew (but I always skipped the crucifixion -- in fact, I always only read up to the last supper), and the book of revelation: it says "revelation" and I want some of that, so I'm gonna read it. I really liked the images that it created in my mind and I read it over and over (I used to have an imagination and I also saw in 4d, and in addition to sometimes being able to see in the dark, I could sometimes conjure my fears into 3d visual stuff as if it were there). anyway, the other thing I really really liked is the number 11. the chapter of the two witnesses is the 11th, and verse 11 is when the two witnesses (either rise or die -- my logical mind says it's die cause rise is at the end of the chapter, I believe) -- anyway that chapter conjured up all these crazy images of me hangin out with this other dude calling down fire and stuff cause I was so awesome ----- so, to step back a moment, I've always had super powers. I found out that I could lift anything if I put enough emotional energy. I seemed to naturally avoid danger, even if I put myself in harm's way, nothing would happen to me. I was already one of the witnesses, and so I just had to find the other. that was 9yo kenneth thinking.
nowadays, I see the same thing entirely differently. a witness is just someone else to share the experience with. the universe has how many entities inside of it, perceiving itself from so many different angles and perspectives. it's like the most awesome action movie with invisible cameras everywhere looking at everything. so the more witnesses you have, the more universal you are. (correction) the more witnesses that I have to my universe, the more vibrant it is.
anyway so the whole biblical narrative there was translated into greek(?) by a guy that was in an emotional state more near trauma and victim; so the whole concept gets translated all really weird.
also, I had this one idea the other day that revelation is just a vulcanised interpretation of titus' ceremonies for the destruction of the temple. I understand his perspective: it's annoying being narrated to do something: he was supposed to be their "saviour", but like me, he's having none of this king crap. he was a community guy and the romans flourished with him, so frustrated with this desire to make one guy the super duper guy, he destroyed their temple and set out to create a new religion based off of everything he hates. I get his perspective (as a top), cause he was only fighting himself; he was this one-man-army type that was constantly trying to be powerful dude on top; most generous, awesome public works -- exremely 2nd-ray (when he's around people), but out in the battlefield, he gets to be physical: he gets to actually be *in* his own body and not out in fairy land where the political body is. thing is, I'm the same way: if I'm not occupied with something, I go immediately to creativity/destructivity.
	I really am surprised that nosebook has kept me so long away from creativity, because I tend to lend a destrictive force to outdated structures.
one thing that you can notice is that there are so many different interpretations of that kind of powerful desire: it can be found in songs, books, poems, novels, etc., and that's because it's so fast in frequency, that it requires quite a level of sensitivity to attain, that it's a sort of super-symbol: something that resonates with a whole series of related symbols and tropes. titus did not have the level of sensitivity that I have. he turned the volume up to 11, and just plowed through it all. that's strong signal lots of noise. I have low (imperceivable) signal and almost no noise, other than interactions when I get around others. my noise is so low actually, I'm beginning to (even phsyically, not just symbolically/conceptually) turn into other's fears/desires in a more and more consistent way. titus had a different thing going on than I do, and I understand his destructivity. thing is, even though he blasted out his concept/emotion at a pretty low frequency so long ago, since then it's gathered quite a bit of extra uumph because of all of that unwanted: everything from the crusades, to the witch trials, and all of the horrific stuff was done to put maximum amount of unwanted into the SS vortex. cause eventually someone is going to be able to receive that signal clearly (me of course), and it hasn't happened yet.
here's a tbit of taste to come: when we go out radially from the nucleus, the farther we get out, the faster things are going. the reason is, as those particles stream out, they're at a frequency. that frequency attracts/repels them from all other particles; so the farther out it is, the more repulsive the idea/hydrogen is, the farther out it is. well at the very very end there's a whole thing going on of particles that are trying to accelerate/go as fast as they can, but their own limitations or another medium of opposite rotation is in front, and is blocking further speed increase. out there, the vibrations are going so fast and so many of them come in, so many similar things have pushed the amplitude to levels way beyond what you could imagine. this is the bowshock/shockwave, or the "CME bunching up out in front" that is so loud because all of these resonant freaquencies have nowhere to go (cause they're so repulsive to everyome else). occasionally though some of that massive cloud of witnesses begins to resonate in a way that is similar to something down in physical reality, and so when it hits, it's very loud -- or you could think of it like instant manifestation. I'll become the thing that everyone desires/fears, as I start to *become* that.
	I've got little noise, meaning the impact won't be too sudden creative of all of that noise, but I'd like to have zero; which would be best for everyone nearby and within conceptual distrance. trust me bro

### 2024-03-10 23:32 - you know what would be cool...

so today I uploaded this repository to github, not for any special reason why I took so long to doso, other than git is hard -- even making a new repo and synching it to github is some 5-10m of effort at least. anyway, some time after I did it, maybe ~19h in CA, I felt you somewhat strongly. I have to assume that was about the time you read it. anyway, right after that I had the idea to see if you want to come to pueblo and hang out (13 carefree ln, pueblo co). I have lots and lots of compiler ideas -- of which I'll start writing about soon, but in complete honesty, I want to build an editor. I've been trying/wanting to do it for quite a long time now, but my situation is severely limiting. I'll talk about it briefly:
1. it's going to be graphical with a lot of colors. since there are only so many types of logical statement types, the workflow will go something like this: press 'i' and it makes an if-block, then write the condition, then press another button to go to inner statement -- write that using the same thing .. this time maybe I press '=' and now I put the lhs var then tab(?) the rhs, press tab(?) again and it adds another rhs, etc.
2. the code will be stored not only in textual form (c/c++/jai/whatever), but also stored in a meta format which contains all of the control structures and interface settings (like say, you expanded the if-block to be a bit wider to make it align with the rest and turned this block and similar ones purple). that format will be what the editor will read.
3. some of the block preferences will be local to the codebase (ex. all error conditions get a red hue), some to the user, and some as defaults (and precedance can be set -- cause say I insist on my errors being pink and yellow striped for some reason). these preferences can be both determined by the meta format, and also identified by regex/peg expressions for when I import a codebase and want to customise it to my liking.
4. it's important that the editor is building up these blocks because the editor will know the variables for each scope, so when I'm writing a statement, and one variable inside the scope is named "we_really_need_long_extremely_descriptive_names" and another global is named "win", when I press 'w', the really long one should show right up.
	- this is actually a super pet peeve of mine. I HATE how "right" and "left", "up" and "down", "top" and "bottom" are all words/variables of different character lengths. I want my code to visually align and be pleasant to look at, so I often name then l,r,up,dn,top,bot so repetitious pixel calculations visually line up. if I could make them a symbol or show the short version visually (until I clicn on it)
5. common variable names like "window" or "rect" can be configured by the user/codebase to have a symbol or shortened name associated with them (for example window = win), and also have a color. I want to visually glance at the code and see that this win has a 20px border to it, and I'm offsetting left/right by that amount.
6. bonus future idea: I also think it'd be pretty cool to integrate a simple spreadsheet functionality (cells with values and calculations) and an animating vector graphics lib to be able to additionally put in a diagram next to the code, so that I can visually see what's happening (there's often lots of whitespace in code so fill it with explanations or maybe jokes/cartoons/rocketships for fun). a full illustrator implementation isn't necessary, so a hybrid geogebra and excel with cell colors and borders and calculations is necessary: (ex. [click on vertex] .x = [click on other vertex] - 20). animations can be done with a simple keyframes model by adjusting those variables. also it'd be nice to use/refer to the code directly to draw the diagram. I hate compiling only to find out I messed up the calculation. I want to see my error visually before I even get to run the program.

OK, that about wraps it up for now. I'll try to explain the structural component of the interface next time, short version is: only interfaces + code blocks are necessary.
