# wordage

### 2024-02-22 01:46 - why I write some things

I had a general sense that I wanted to write this out, and ezplain some of the things I write.
sometimes I write "response" and it's when I mean a structured response. generally, I get the sense that the c-words are more emotional -- like a reaction, instead of a thought/structure-d response. for example a defence is a reactionary setup, meanwhile to me a defense is something big, controlling, and very structured (to its own detriment sometimes) defence. defence is again emotional, so therefore we can view it as the motive for the defense (when, unplanned is a defence).
sometimes I write "optimise" and other times I write "optimize": the difference here is only something I discovered pretty recently. the z-words refer to the past (as in optimize based on past performance), and again the s-words refer to a structured approach (to optimising).
really, the way that I'm learning to write, is completely by feel. I find it kinda similar to learning to type. typing for me is really hard, and so I hardly ever use capitol letters because (for whatever reason) my right hand refuses to use it's pinky on the shift. both pinkies are hard, but the left had to learn because of ctrl-c + ctrl-v while using a mouse. that's actually probably why. my left side likes to do all the things if she can. I prefer to be left-handed,-- but the way that entire right-hemisphere has been comandeered, I've had to learn to share more, because it's impossible to do some things with the left. I'm constantly having to learn to do more things with my right.
	honestly, it's as if my right-hemisphere has been steadily disappearing over time, and so my left-hemisphere has to get more dominant to take up the slack. I once had an MRI (I'll upload it soon) where my left-hemisphere is just like enormous; a very substantial increase in matter than the right.
		OK, the way I interpret those results and compare it with my knowledge, my LH has tons more physical matter to it. these are physical connections that are made (neurons and stuff) that connect hydrogen orbs together (neurons and stuff). the rest of the brain is vibrating hydrogen. it can have quite a density, like my RH has. the RH is anatau, and that's where the largest criminal network is built. my LH is me, kenny -- the guy that is typing this now. I'm translating concepts found in the RH into symbolic words and ideas, much like a channeler does. I don't have visual access to the RH, because that's for all of the bad-guys (they need their instruments to be able to fulfill everyone's fears); I don't really mind that they're there. I want to make that interface completely open-source (because it's for *everyone* including the bad-guys) and most importantly it will make the interface no longer bothersome to me. I plan on eventually building this idea called party-LAN that will give everyone access to it, as I'll be the centre host (prolly cause nobody else plans to live forever). there's a lot more hydrogen in my brain than most, especially in the RH.
	the cool thing about this process, is that it's forcing me to *divide* or part with myself. one day, that massive accumulation of hydrogen will eventually pop out as a star, and build a new earth with all of those that are in it. I'll lose that direct connection to the infinite (ie, the new earth), and I'll likely begin to produce a new one (as all plants do), which will then pop out sometime -- they all keep things interesting, and I have fun thinking up new bad-guys to fulfill thier fears. it's fun :)

### 2024-03-11 15:10 - why jon instead of jonathan?

in real-life, I would probably call you jonathan, but visually I like "jon" better than "john" ("johnathan" is also longer to write). also, it has the cool effect of -- in old english, the 'i' and 'j' are the same, so it's like I'm writing "ion" (pronounced "eon" in english/american pronunciation) -- which is kinda cool. if you want me to call you a shorter name than jonathan, and are OK with ion/eon, that'd be cool. I like that name "eon" -- and speaking of which, have you ever listened to "[last exit for the lost](https://www.thelastexit.org/)"? one of the regulars is named eon, and in one of the episodes he revealed his real name is "ian", but seriah prolly suggested that eon is cooler. I also worked with a german guy named ijon (tichy) and I think his real name was like johannes or something (don't remember), but anyway eon/ion/ijon is a cool name :)
I often times spell other people's names incorrectly, and one example of that is my neighbour "remy" -- but I hate seeing her name with a 'y', so I write "remi" -- and as always I wonder why I do something, and best as I can figure out, there's a strange resonance with it because I associate 'y' with "why" -- which is usually the motivator to a person. she's very 3rd-ray, and so for her, when someone asks her "why?" it would be an annoying question (3rd-ray perception is, "this is the way we're doing it; don't ask why") and also she's talked to me about how over the years she's become more physical in her perception and so from where she's at, she could either go "up" to 2nd-ray perception ('y') or she could "get in her body" (as sarah says) and go "down" to 7th-ray (selfish/physical) perception ('i'). I like her better as physical instead of in her head, so that's prolly why I call her "remi".
	another thing about this is that I've had a lot of different names: my dad has repeatedly called me "ferd" and "fred" -- and I didn't know who "ferd" was until recently (ferdinand in "the tempest"), but when I was younger, I envisioned myself as fred on "sanford and son" ("you hear that elizabeth, I'm comin to join you!"). also, when I was in spain, when I would go to starbucks, they would hear my name "kenny" and write "keni" -- which I also grew to like as well, and daniel called me "kani" (lol). finally, one of my regular bartenders used to call me "michael", which sorta stuck, and so everyone in alcobendas called me michael, which was kinda my name for my broken and dissheveld self; which I also grew to like. I found it very interesting how the name people called me, (including alternate spellings) completely changed that way I perceived myself. another is the difference between "marc" and "mark" (I've known both) -- and it's wierd how even though they sound identical coming out of my mouth, the feeling I get is very different.
turns out, the way that *I* feel when I call a person by their name also invokes something in them which can either be good or bad. I remember in elementary school, kids would call me "kenneth buttley" and that would bother me, but thanks to them, they helped me to realise the imprtance of self-identity: I calculated my names at thatt time, and ken (30) is my superficial self (like the doll), kenny (69) is my physical/sensual self (also try-guy), and kenneth (77) is my spiritual or well-formed self. some people (like my parents and patricia) only liked to call me "kenneth" and I enjoyed that they could see that part of me, even though I could not yet.
